[Music]
you're standing in Arizona surrounding
you is the vast desert that dominates
the Midwestern United States rain white
fall only once or twice a year but when
it does fall it leaves its mark
just look down the narrow canyon below
your feet
it's a chasm created by water
you can go down there to take a closer
look
you're now thirty meters down look at
the balls around you
they've been gouged and shaped by water
over hundreds of years when rain does
fall it accumulates and takes the path
of least resistance gathering speed
washing the sand away smoothing and
shaping sandstone rock as it flows the
water that does this might fall miles
away and if you down here when it
happens you'd have no warning the first
you know might be a roaring sound then
there'd be a wall of water carrying
rocks and boulders sweeping everything
along with it including you
look around and your spotter branch
brought here by a flash flood and look
below the branch the white stains you're
not alone down here those are the
droppings of an owl
she's been here today like you
sheltering from the heat
you